Prevention handshake and game
your good bachy patrice carteron goes to
the top speed in the
preparation of the tp mazembe in section of the
African football confederation
this Monday, June 10, the crows discovers
the new work schedule
weekly
a morning workout and
another in the evening so the group
rest we got a special job
in front of the goal and the second part has
been constituted in one sitting of
hydrotherapy recovery
to allow ballerinas to
develop their breathing abilities
in the field going through a good
blood circulation during this
same day the stage of tp mazembe has
visited the places of the people
Arabic and denials basa come to inquire
the other side of the stage tp mazembe
I am very impressive I am
moved never brought the busy I
could imagine that this stage was
as big and beautiful
I will ask all the children of the capa
guys who have not had the chance to
to visit who come to visit
it's a lot more than what we see in
the TV when you visit is how
I would say it's the size of the stadium
everything is clean the colors
the infrastructure itself she is very
well studied you have a taken in
total load of the players the hospital the
spy all those things offices
administration is everything
business is a small town here
so I am very impressed courage
please me or stay a model for during
generations
even in the absence of international
you risk falling six foals this is
she to be ready for the phase of
groups of the confederation cup
African football